---
title Security
weight 85
description
  Concepts for keeping your cloud-native workload secure.
simple_list true
---

This section of the Kubernetes documentation aims to help you learn to run
workloads more securely, and about the essential aspects of keeping a
Kubernetes cluster secure.

Kubernetes is based on a cloud-native architecture, and draws on advice from the
 about good practice for
cloud native information security.

Read [Cloud Native Security and Kubernetes](docsconceptssecuritycloud-native-security)
for the broader context about how to secure your cluster and the applications that
youre running on it.

# # Kubernetes security mechanisms #security-mechanisms

Kubernetes includes several APIs and security controls, as well as ways to
define [policies](#policies) that can form part of how you manage information security.

# # # Control plane protection

A key security mechanism for any Kubernetes cluster is to
[control access to the Kubernetes API](docsconceptssecuritycontrolling-access).

Kubernetes expects you to configure and use TLS to provide
[data encryption in transit](docstaskstlsmanaging-tls-in-a-cluster)
within the control plane, and between the control plane and its clients.
You can also enable [encryption at rest](docstasksadminister-clusterencrypt-data)
for the data stored within Kubernetes control plane this is separate from using
encryption at rest for your own workloads data, which might also be a good idea.

# # # Secrets

The [Secret](docsconceptsconfigurationsecret) API provides basic protection for
configuration values that require confidentiality.

# # # Workload protection

Enforce [Pod security standards](docsconceptssecuritypod-security-standards) to
ensure that Pods and their containers are isolated appropriately. You can also use
[RuntimeClasses](docsconceptscontainersruntime-class) to define custom isolation
if you need it.

[Network policies](docsconceptsservices-networkingnetwork-policies) let you control
network traffic between Pods, or between Pods and the network outside your cluster.

You can deploy security controls from the wider ecosystem to implement preventative
or detective controls around Pods, their containers, and the images that run in them.

# # # Admission control #admission-control

[Admission controllers](docsreferenceaccess-authn-authzadmission-controllers)
are plugins that intercept Kubernetes API requests and can validate or mutate
the requests based on specific fields in the request. Thoughtfully designing
these controllers helps to avoid unintended disruptions as Kubernetes APIs
change across version updates. For design considerations, see
[Admission Webhook Good Practices](docsconceptscluster-administrationadmission-webhooks-good-practices).

# # # Auditing

Kubernetes [audit logging](docstasksdebugdebug-clusteraudit) provides a
security-relevant, chronological set of records documenting the sequence of actions
in a cluster. The cluster audits the activities generated by users, by applications
that use the Kubernetes API, and by the control plane itself.

# # Cloud provider security

 thirdparty-content vendortrue

If you are running a Kubernetes cluster on your own hardware or a different cloud provider,
consult your documentation for security best practices.
Here are links to some of the popular cloud providers security documentation

IaaS Provider         Link
--------------------  ------------
Alibaba Cloud  httpswww.alibabacloud.comtrust-center
Amazon Web Services  httpsaws.amazon.comsecurity
Google Cloud Platform  httpscloud.google.comsecurity
Huawei Cloud  httpswww.huaweicloud.comintlen-ussecurecenteroverallsafety
IBM Cloud  httpswww.ibm.comcloudsecurity
Microsoft Azure  httpsdocs.microsoft.comen-usazuresecurityazure-security
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure  httpswww.oracle.comsecurity
Tencent Cloud  httpswww.tencentcloud.comsolutionsdata-security-and-information-protection
VMware vSphere  httpswww.vmware.comsolutionssecurityhardening-guides

# # Policies

You can define security policies using Kubernetes-native mechanisms,
such as [NetworkPolicy](docsconceptsservices-networkingnetwork-policies)
(declarative control over network packet filtering) or
[ValidatingAdmissionPolicy](docsreferenceaccess-authn-authzvalidating-admission-policy) (declarative restrictions on what changes
someone can make using the Kubernetes API).

However, you can also rely on policy implementations from the wider
ecosystem around Kubernetes. Kubernetes provides extension mechanisms
to let those ecosystem projects implement their own policy controls
on source code review, container image approval, API access controls,
networking, and more.

For more information about policy mechanisms and Kubernetes,
read [Policies](docsconceptspolicy).

# #  heading whatsnext

Learn about related Kubernetes security topics

* [Securing your cluster](docstasksadminister-clustersecuring-a-cluster)
* [Known vulnerabilities](docsreferenceissues-securityofficial-cve-feed)
  in Kubernetes (and links to further information)
* [Data encryption in transit](docstaskstlsmanaging-tls-in-a-cluster) for the control plane
* [Data encryption at rest](docstasksadminister-clusterencrypt-data)
* [Controlling Access to the Kubernetes API](docsconceptssecuritycontrolling-access)
* [Network policies](docsconceptsservices-networkingnetwork-policies) for Pods
* [Secrets in Kubernetes](docsconceptsconfigurationsecret)
* [Pod security standards](docsconceptssecuritypod-security-standards)
* [RuntimeClasses](docsconceptscontainersruntime-class)

Learn the context

* [Cloud Native Security and Kubernetes](docsconceptssecuritycloud-native-security)

Get certified

* [Certified Kubernetes Security Specialist](httpstraining.linuxfoundation.orgcertificationcertified-kubernetes-security-specialist)
  certification and official training course.

Read more in this section
